Assessment 
General Instructions: Develop a program utilizing JavaScript to solve the problems stated below. All files must be submitted in your github repository and link it to your google classroom. 
 
1.	Differentiation of let, const, and var in JavaScript 
	In JavaScript let, const, and var are use to create a variables and they are controlling how or where your variables work in your code. The keyword “var” in JavaScript is the oldest keyword to use in declaring a variables. And “var” word came from word “variables”. It can be declared and accessed without initialization as its default value is undefined. It can also be updated and re-declared in the same scope. And the scope of this keyword is either global or within a function, which can lead to bugs. And to avoid this situation use the keyword “let”.

	The keyword “let” is the new or the improved version of the keyword “var”. “let can be updated but not re-declared.  Let is block scoped, this means that the variable is only available inside the curly braises where you define it. Thus can’t accessed without initialization otherwise it will give “referenceError”.

	A keyword “const” is like the keyword “let” but it can’t be update it and need to assign it with a value at the time of declaration. The word “const” came from the word constant variable. The values of thus can’t be changed once they are initialized with a value. So using “let” and “const” is better that using “var” because the keywords helps prevent errors caused by unexpected variable changes.

 
2.Concept of Falsy Values in JavaScript 
	In JavaScript, every value has a boolean equivalent and thus is the true and false values. Falsy or falsey values in JavaScript which evaluates to FALSE. And falsey values represent nothingness, emptiness or failure. There are six falsy values in JavaScript the undefined, null, NaN, 0, empty string and of course false. By understanding this values is important because this will affect the behaviour of your code for example in conditional statement and logical operations.

3 examples of falsy values
	Zero(0)- Zero is a falsy value in JavaScript because zero means nothing,empty.

	Empty string (“ “) – An empty string is also a falsy values beacause empty string represents the absence of text or a lack of content.

	Undefined- An undefined is like a empty string because this is also represents the absences or lack of text and content.





REFERENCES:
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-var-let-and-const-keywords-in-javascript/


https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/var-let-and-const-whats-the-difference/


https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/falsy-in-javascript/

https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/what-are-falsey-values-in-javascript/ 